Object classification docs: Update and improve export section (#256)
ilastik/ilastik.github.io: documentation/objects/objects.md

As the name suggests, the object classification workflow aims to classify full *objects*, based on object-level features and user annotations.
An *object* in this context is a set of pixels that belong to the same instance.

> In order to do so, the workflow needs *segmentation* images besides the usual raw image data, which classify the pixels as either belonging to an object or not. These can be obtained e.g. using the [Pixel Classification Workflow].

Reviewer: the term _segmentation_ is confusing here in my opinion (as we have two workflows, one with input segmentation, but we still refer to both of these inputs as segmentations...

Ilastik has separate workflows depending on the segmentation image flavor:

* Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Pixel Prediction Map]
* Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Segmentation]

> The combined "Pixel Classification + Object Classification" workflow (found under "Other Workflows") is primarily intended for demonstration purposes and its use in real projects is discouraged. We instead recommend to use the two workflows separately, exporting probability maps from the Pixel Classification workflow and using them as input for the Object Classification workflow.

Reviewer: matter of taste, but I try to keep one sentence per line in a file. This makes it a little bit easier to track changes (I know about `--word-diff`).

**Size Limitations:**

In the current version of ilastik, computations on the **training** images are not performed lazily -- the entire image is processed at once.
This means you can't use enormous images for training the object classifier.
However, once you have created a satisfactory classifier using one or more small images, you can use the "Blockwise Object Classification"

> feature to run object classification on much larger images (prediction only -- no training.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature to run object classification on much larger images (prediction only -- no training).
```

<a href="figs/ilastik_start_screen.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/ilastik_start_screen.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

### Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Pixel Prediction Map]
You should choose this workflow if your segmentation is in the form of a probability
map. In this case, the workflow includes a step for thresholding the probabilites.
The data input applet of this workflow expects you to load the probability maps in addition to the raw data:

<a href="figs/input_prediction_image.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/input_prediction_image.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

### Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Segmentation]

> This workflow should be used if you already have a binary segmentation image, or an image where pixel values represent object identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow should be used if you already have a binary segmentation image, or an image where pixel values represent object identities (label image).
```

As the name suggests, the object classification workflow aims to classify full *objects*, based on object-level features and user annotations.
An *object* in this context is a set of pixels that belong to the same instance.

> Object classification requires a second input besides the usual raw image data: an image that indicates for pixels whether they belong to an object or not, i.e. object predictions or a binary segmentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object classification requires a second input besides the usual raw image data: an image that indicates for pixels whether they belong to an object or not, i.e. _pixel predictions_, a _binary segmentation image_ or a _label image_.
```
the term "object predictions" could be confused with the output "object predictions" the workflow produces

However, once you have created a satisfactory classifier using one or more small images (or cutouts from your complete dataset), you can use the "Blockwise Object Classification"
feature to run object classification on much larger images (prediction only - no training).

<a href="figs/ilastik_start_screen.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/ilastik_start_screen.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

### Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Pixel Prediction Map]
You should choose this workflow if you have a probability map, i.e. each pixel value is the pixel's probability to belong to an object.
To obtain a segmentation from this input, the workflow includes a step for thresholding the probabilities.
If you use the Pixel Classification workflow to identify objects, we recommend you export the probability maps there and then continue with this object classification workflow.

Load the probability maps in addition to the raw data in the Input Data step:

<a href="figs/input_prediction_image.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/input_prediction_image.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

### Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Segmentation]

> This workflow should be used if you already have a binary segmentation image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow should be used if you already have a _binary segmentation image_, or an object identity map (_label image_).
```

I have proposed this before, but I think this got lost somewhere?

Author: I left it out since we agreed that object identity maps aren't a supported use case and we shouldn't be suggesting they are.

As the name suggests, the object classification workflow aims to classify full *objects*, based on object-level features and user annotations.
An *object* in this context is a set of pixels that belong to the same instance.

> Object classification requires a second input besides the usual raw image data: an image that classifies the pixels as either belonging to an object or not, i.e. object predictions or labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Object classification requires a second input besides the usual raw image data: an image that indicates for pixels whether they belong to an object or not, i.e. object predictions or a label image.
```
I would try to call _label image_ always _label image_, so that we can contrast this with _object labels_ (so whatever you label as a user)...

This can be obtained e.g. using the [Pixel Classification Workflow].

> Ilastik has separate workflows to handle different formats of object labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ilastik has separate workflows to handle different types for the second input:
```

However, once you have created a satisfactory classifier using one or more small images (or cutouts from your complete dataset), you can use the "Blockwise Object Classification"
feature to run object classification on much larger images (prediction only - no training).

<a href="figs/ilastik_start_screen.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/ilastik_start_screen.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

### Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Pixel Prediction Map]
You should choose this workflow if you have a probability map, i.e. each pixel value is the pixel's probability to belong to an object.
To obtain a segmentation from this input, the workflow includes a step for thresholding the probabilities.
If you use the Pixel Classification workflow to identify objects, we recommend you export the probability maps there and then continue with this object classification workflow.

Load the probability maps in addition to the raw data in the Input Data step:

<a href="figs/input_prediction_image.png" data-toggle="lightbox"><img src="figs/input_prediction_image.png" class="img-responsive" /></a>

### Object Classification [Inputs: Raw Data, Segmentation]

> This workflow should be used if you already have a binary segmentation image, or an object identity map (object labels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow should be used if you already have a _binary segmentation image_, or an object identity map (_label image_).
```

> You could use a "Simple segmentation" export from the Pixel Classification workflow if this is sufficient for your use case, and thereby skip the thresholding step mentioned above.

Reviewer: it doesn't work with the simple segmenation - it has pixel values starting from 1...n_classes. Object classification requires the background to have the value 0.

**Note:** To see the results of changing the parameter settings in this applet, press the "Apply" button.

> There are two algorithms you can choose from to threshold your data: _Simple_ and _Hysteresis_, which can be selected using the "Method" drop down. The most important difference between the two is that hysteresis thresholding makes it possible to separate adjacent objects.

Reviewer: maybe "touching objects"? Things can be adjacent without touching...

Author: "touching objects" was my first version, but I found it much more vague than adjacent. I'll go with "connected" because in the end it's about connected components...

## Export

### Regular image exports

In the [Export Applet][] you can export:
* Object Predictions: An image where all pixels belonging to an object have the value of the object's most probable category (1 for the first label category, 2 for the second, etc.)
* Object Probabilities: An image where all pixels belonging to an object have the probability of the object belonging into its most probable category.

> * Blockwise Object Predictions/Probabilities: Same as above, but perform the computation on the input images in blocks of the size specified in the "Blockwise" applet (see below). This makes it possible to process images that are larger than the machine's RAM.

Reviewer: maybe include a link to the section on blockwise export below

* Object Identities: An image where all pixels belonging to an object have the value of the object's id (1 for the first object, 2 for the second, etc.)

### Object feature table export

In addition to the image export, it is also possible to generate a table that encompasses all information about the objects used during classification. To activate this export:
1. Access the table configuration with the _Configure Feature Table Export_ button. See below for more details on the configuration options.
2. Change the file name and choose your preferred format.
3. Choose the features you want to include in the table.
4. Confirm with OK.

Any regular image export (predictions, probabilities) will now also generate the table file according to the table export settings.

> The table export can be configured in three sections:

Reviewer: maybe also add that the table will not be available in block-wise mode.

Author: It still exports a table just fine in blockwise mode - though it seems to only contain a list of the objects, probabilities and bounding boxes, missing the feature values:

![image](https://github.com/ilastik/ilastik.github.io/assets/63287233/92812d96-1740-42fd-8f24-694fef534f5f)

Reviewer: hm we should confirm this for the headless mode. I don't think it would be possible to have the table in that setting, let alone continuous object ids with our current implementation.

Reviewer: I vaguely remember our discussion relating to this issue (the table basically breaking blockwise export, as the table  will require processing of the whole image). Did we come to a conclusion on how to proceed?

1.) Document this behavior (blockwise + table will not work for data that does not fit into ram)
2.) Fix it on the ilastik side (no table output for blockwise)
3.) dream solution: make object classification lazy :)

Author: I don't actually know what the behaviour in any of the questionable scenarios is. It would be good to investigate what happens to the table export with images larger than RAM in blockwise export or headless mode and document it, but I'm not really up for that effort right now. Hence why there is still no mention of it.

## Export

### Regular image exports

In the [Export Applet][] you can export:
* Object Predictions: An image where all pixels belonging to an object have the value of the object's most probable category (1 for the first label category, 2 for the second, etc.)

> * Object Probabilities: An image where all pixels belonging to an object have the probability of the object belonging into its most probable category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Object Probabilities: A multichannel with as many channels as there are different object classes.
   Pixels belonging to an object hold the probability value for the particular class in the corresponding channel.
   E.g. in the first channel, the pixels indicate the probability for the first object class.
```

* Blockwise Object Predictions/Probabilities: Same as above, but perform the computation on the input images in blocks of the size specified in the "Blockwise" applet ([see below][Blockwise Applet]). This makes it possible to process images that are larger than the machine's RAM.
* Object Identities: An image where all pixels belonging to an object have the value of the object's id (1 for the first object, 2 for the second, etc.)

### Object feature table export

In addition to the image export, it is also possible to generate a table that encompasses all information about the objects used during classification. To activate this export:
1. Access the table configuration with the _Configure Feature Table Export_ button. See below for more details on the configuration options.
2. Change the file name and choose your preferred format.
3. Choose the features you want to include in the table.
4. Confirm with OK.

> Any regular image export (predictions, probabilities) will now also generate the table file according to the table export settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any regular image export (predictions, probabilities) will now also generate the table file according to the table export settings once the table has been configured.
```
